---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_connection Data Source - aballiet-terraform-provider-airbyte-oss"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Connection DataSource
---

# airbyte_connection (Data Source)

Connection DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_connection" "my_connection" {
  connection_id = "aaa86acf-aeba-4dc8-b85b-cf425a69f844"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `breaking_change` (Boolean)
- `destination_id` (String)
- `geography` (String) must be one of ["auto", "us", "eu"]
- `name` (String)
- `namespace_definition` (String) must be one of ["source", "destination", "customformat"]
Method used for computing final namespace in destination
- `namespace_format` (String) Default: null
Used when namespaceDefinition is 'customformat'. If blank then behaves like namespaceDefinition = 'destination'. If "${SOURCE_NAMESPACE}" then behaves like namespaceDefinition = 'source'.
- `non_breaking_changes_preference` (String) must be one of ["ignore", "disable", "propagate_columns", "propagate_fully"]
- `notify_schema_changes` (Boolean)
- `notify_schema_changes_by_email` (Boolean)
- `operation_ids` (List of String)
- `prefix` (String) Prefix that will be prepended to the name of each stream when it is written to the destination.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_requirements))
- `schedule_data` (Attributes) schedule for when the the connection should run, per the schedule type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_data))
- `schedule_type` (String) must be one of ["manual", "basic", "cron"]
determine how the schedule data should be interpreted
- `source_catalog_id` (String)
- `source_id` (String)
- `status` (String) must be one of ["active", "inactive", "deprecated"]
Active means that data is flowing through the connection. Inactive means it is not. Deprecated means the connection is off and cannot be re-activated. the schema field describes the elements of the schema that will be synced.
- `sync_catalog` (Attributes) describes the available schema (catalog). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog))
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_data`

Read-Only:

- `basic_schedule` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_data--basic_schedule))
- `cron` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_data--cron))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule_data--basic_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_data.basic_schedule`

Read-Only:

- `time_unit` (String) must be one of ["minutes", "hours", "days", "weeks", "months"]
- `units` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule_data--cron"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_data.cron`

Read-Only:

- `cron_expression` (String)
- `cron_time_zone` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog`

Read-Only:

- `streams` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Attributes) the mutable part of the stream to configure the destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config))
- `stream` (Attributes) the immutable schema defined by the source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--stream))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams.config`

Read-Only:

- `alias_name` (String) Alias name to the stream to be used in the destination
- `cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. This field is REQUIRED if `sync_mode` is `incremental`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `destination_sync_mode` (String) must be one of ["append", "overwrite", "append_dedup"]
- `field_selection_enabled` (Boolean) Whether field selection should be enabled. If this is true, only the properties in `selectedFields` will be included.
- `primary_key` (List of List of String) Paths to the fields that will be used as primary key. This field is REQUIRED if `destination_sync_mode` is `*_dedup`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `selected` (Boolean) If this is true, the stream is selected with all of its properties. For new connections, this considers if the stream is suggested or not
- `selected_fields` (Attributes List) Paths to the fields that will be included in the configured catalog. This must be set if `fieldSelectedEnabled` is set. An empty list indicates that no properties will be included. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config--selected_fields))
- `suggested` (Boolean) Does the connector suggest that this stream be enabled by default?
- `sync_mode` (String) must be one of ["full_refresh", "incremental"]

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config--selected_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams.config.sync_mode`

Read-Only:

- `field_path` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams.stream`

Read-Only:

- `default_cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the comparable themselves.
- `json_schema` (Map of String) Stream schema using Json Schema specs.
- `name` (String) Stream's name.
- `namespace` (String) Optional Source-defined namespace. Airbyte streams from the same sources should have the same namespace. Currently only used by JDBC destinations to determine what schema to write to.
- `source_defined_cursor` (Boolean) If the source defines the cursor field, then any other cursor field inputs will be ignored. If it does not, either the user_provided one is used, or the default one is used as a backup.
- `source_defined_primary_key` (List of List of String) If the source defines the primary key, paths to the fields that will be used as a primary key. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the primary key themselves.
- `supported_sync_modes` (List of String)


