---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_schema Data Source - aballiet-terraform-provider-airbyte-oss"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SourceSchema DataSource
---

# airbyte_source_schema (Data Source)

SourceSchema DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airbyte_source_schema" "my_sourceschema" {
  connection_id        = "a24e9eae-dfd4-401e-81ae-1e8142cfc767"
  disable_cache        = true
  notify_schema_change = false
  source_id            = "2da61c2e-c391-4007-81f2-dadfe355f97c"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String)

### Optional

- `connection_id` (String)
- `disable_cache` (Boolean)
- `notify_schema_change` (Boolean)

### Read-Only

- `breaking_change` (Boolean)
- `catalog` (Attributes) describes the available schema (catalog). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog))
- `catalog_diff` (Attributes) Describes the difference between two Airbyte catalogs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff))
- `catalog_id` (String)
- `connection_status` (String) must be one of ["active", "inactive", "deprecated"]
Active means that data is flowing through the connection. Inactive means it is not. Deprecated means the connection is off and cannot be re-activated. the schema field describes the elements of the schema that will be synced.
- `job_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_info))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog`

Read-Only:

- `streams` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog--streams))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog--streams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog.streams`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Attributes) the mutable part of the stream to configure the destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog--streams--config))
- `stream` (Attributes) the immutable schema defined by the source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog--streams--stream))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog--streams--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog.streams.config`

Read-Only:

- `alias_name` (String) Alias name to the stream to be used in the destination
- `cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. This field is REQUIRED if `sync_mode` is `incremental`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `destination_sync_mode` (String) must be one of ["append", "overwrite", "append_dedup"]
- `field_selection_enabled` (Boolean) Whether field selection should be enabled. If this is true, only the properties in `selectedFields` will be included.
- `primary_key` (List of List of String) Paths to the fields that will be used as primary key. This field is REQUIRED if `destination_sync_mode` is `*_dedup`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `selected` (Boolean) If this is true, the stream is selected with all of its properties. For new connections, this considers if the stream is suggested or not
- `selected_fields` (Attributes List) Paths to the fields that will be included in the configured catalog. This must be set if `fieldSelectedEnabled` is set. An empty list indicates that no properties will be included. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog--streams--config--selected_fields))
- `suggested` (Boolean) Does the connector suggest that this stream be enabled by default?
- `sync_mode` (String) must be one of ["full_refresh", "incremental"]

<a id="nestedatt--catalog--streams--config--selected_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog.streams.config.sync_mode`

Read-Only:

- `field_path` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--catalog--streams--stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog.streams.stream`

Read-Only:

- `default_cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the comparable themselves.
- `json_schema` (Map of String) Stream schema using Json Schema specs.
- `name` (String) Stream's name.
- `namespace` (String) Optional Source-defined namespace. Airbyte streams from the same sources should have the same namespace. Currently only used by JDBC destinations to determine what schema to write to.
- `source_defined_cursor` (Boolean) If the source defines the cursor field, then any other cursor field inputs will be ignored. If it does not, either the user_provided one is used, or the default one is used as a backup.
- `source_defined_primary_key` (List of List of String) If the source defines the primary key, paths to the fields that will be used as a primary key. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the primary key themselves.
- `supported_sync_modes` (List of String)




<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff`

Read-Only:

- `transforms` (Attributes List) list of stream transformations. order does not matter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms`

Read-Only:

- `stream_descriptor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--stream_descriptor))
- `transform_type` (String) must be one of ["add_stream", "remove_stream", "update_stream"]
- `update_stream` (Attributes List) list of field transformations. order does not matter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--stream_descriptor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.stream_descriptor`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream`

Read-Only:

- `add_field` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--add_field))
- `breaking` (Boolean)
- `field_name` (List of String) A field name is a list of strings that form the path to the field.
- `remove_field` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--remove_field))
- `transform_type` (String) must be one of ["add_field", "remove_field", "update_field_schema"]
- `update_field_schema` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--add_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream.update_field_schema`

Read-Only:

- `schema` (Attributes) JSONSchema representation of the field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--schema))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream.update_field_schema.schema`



<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--remove_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream.update_field_schema`

Read-Only:

- `schema` (Attributes) JSONSchema representation of the field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--schema))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream.update_field_schema.schema`



<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream.update_field_schema`

Read-Only:

- `new_schema` (Attributes) JSONSchema representation of the field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--new_schema))
- `old_schema` (Attributes) JSONSchema representation of the field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--old_schema))

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--new_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream.update_field_schema.new_schema`


<a id="nestedatt--catalog_diff--transforms--update_stream--update_field_schema--old_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_diff.transforms.update_stream.update_field_schema.old_schema`






<a id="nestedatt--job_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_info`

Read-Only:

- `config_id` (String) only present if a config id was provided.
- `config_type` (String) must be one of ["check_connection_source", "check_connection_destination", "discover_schema", "get_spec", "sync", "reset_connection"]
- `connector_configuration_updated` (Boolean) Default: false
- `created_at` (Number)
- `ended_at` (Number)
- `failure_reason` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_info--failure_reason))
- `id` (String)
- `logs` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_info--logs))
- `succeeded` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--job_info--failure_reason"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_info.failure_reason`

Read-Only:

- `external_message` (String)
- `failure_origin` (String) must be one of ["source", "destination", "replication", "persistence", "normalization", "dbt", "airbyte_platform", "unknown"]
Indicates where the error originated. If not set, the origin of error is not well known.
- `failure_type` (String) must be one of ["config_error", "system_error", "manual_cancellation", "refresh_schema", "heartbeat_timeout", "destination_timeout"]
Categorizes well known errors into types for programmatic handling. If not set, the type of error is not well known.
- `internal_message` (String)
- `retryable` (Boolean) True if it is known that retrying may succeed, e.g. for a transient failure. False if it is known that a retry will not succeed, e.g. for a configuration issue. If not set, retryable status is not well known.
- `stacktrace` (String)
- `timestamp` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--job_info--logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_info.logs`

Read-Only:

- `log_lines` (List of String)


