---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_connection Resource - aballiet-terraform-provider-airbyte-oss"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Connection Resource
---

# airbyte_connection (Resource)

Connection Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_connection" "my_connection" {
  destination_id                  = "2d0b4937-840e-4535-aba0-03060ced80fc"
  geography                       = "auto"
  name                            = "Sheldon Balistreri"
  namespace_definition            = "source"
  namespace_format                = SOURCE_NAMESPACE
  non_breaking_changes_preference = "ignore"
  notify_schema_changes           = false
  notify_schema_changes_by_email  = true
  operation_ids = [
    "fbb5835b-a03c-430b-b29d-f734fbd43f94",
  ]
  prefix = "...my_prefix..."
  resource_requirements = {
    cpu_limit      = "...my_cpu_limit..."
    cpu_request    = "...my_cpu_request..."
    memory_limit   = "...my_memory_limit..."
    memory_request = "...my_memory_request..."
  }
  schedule = {
    time_unit = "minutes"
    units     = 9
  }
  schedule_data = {
    basic_schedule = {
      time_unit = "weeks"
      units     = 7
    }
    cron = {
      cron_expression = "...my_cron_expression..."
      cron_time_zone  = "...my_cron_time_zone..."
    }
  }
  schedule_type     = "cron"
  source_catalog_id = "5e6b8dd9-95b8-45b3-8db9-804e4cb5e145"
  source_id         = "1ef85fdd-6486-4396-b21f-097ee8d4067a"
  status            = "inactive"
  sync_catalog = {
    streams = [
      {
        config = {
          alias_name = "...my_alias_name..."
          cursor_field = [
            "...",
          ]
          destination_sync_mode   = "append_dedup"
          field_selection_enabled = true
          primary_key = [
            [
              "...",
            ],
          ]
          selected = false
          selected_fields = [
            {
              field_path = [
                "...",
              ]
            },
          ]
          suggested = false
          sync_mode = "incremental"
        }
        stream = {
          default_cursor_field = [
            "...",
          ]
          json_schema           = {}
          name                  = "Ms. June Bins"
          namespace             = "...my_namespace..."
          source_defined_cursor = true
          source_defined_primary_key = [
            [
              "...",
            ],
          ]
          supported_sync_modes = [
            "incremental",
          ]
        }
      },
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_id` (String)
- `source_id` (String)
- `status` (String) must be one of ["active", "inactive", "deprecated"]
Active means that data is flowing through the connection. Inactive means it is not. Deprecated means the connection is off and cannot be re-activated. the schema field describes the elements of the schema that will be synced.

### Optional

- `geography` (String) must be one of ["auto", "us", "eu"]
- `name` (String) Optional name of the connection
- `namespace_definition` (String) must be one of ["source", "destination", "customformat"]
Method used for computing final namespace in destination
- `namespace_format` (String) Default: null
Used when namespaceDefinition is 'customformat'. If blank then behaves like namespaceDefinition = 'destination'. If "${SOURCE_NAMESPACE}" then behaves like namespaceDefinition = 'source'.
- `non_breaking_changes_preference` (String) must be one of ["ignore", "disable", "propagate_columns", "propagate_fully"]
- `notify_schema_changes` (Boolean)
- `notify_schema_changes_by_email` (Boolean)
- `operation_ids` (List of String)
- `prefix` (String) Prefix that will be prepended to the name of each stream when it is written to the destination.
- `resource_requirements` (Attributes) optional resource requirements to run workers (blank for unbounded allocations) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_requirements))
- `schedule` (Attributes) if null, then no schedule is set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `schedule_data` (Attributes) schedule for when the the connection should run, per the schedule type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_data))
- `schedule_type` (String) must be one of ["manual", "basic", "cron"]
determine how the schedule data should be interpreted
- `source_catalog_id` (String)
- `sync_catalog` (Attributes) describes the available schema (catalog). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog))

### Read-Only

- `breaking_change` (Boolean)
- `connection_id` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--resource_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_requirements`

Optional:

- `cpu_limit` (String)
- `cpu_request` (String)
- `memory_limit` (String)
- `memory_request` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- `time_unit` (String) must be one of ["minutes", "hours", "days", "weeks", "months"]
- `units` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_data`

Optional:

- `basic_schedule` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_data--basic_schedule))
- `cron` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_data--cron))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule_data--basic_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_data.basic_schedule`

Required:

- `time_unit` (String) must be one of ["minutes", "hours", "days", "weeks", "months"]
- `units` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule_data--cron"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_data.cron`

Required:

- `cron_expression` (String)
- `cron_time_zone` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog`

Required:

- `streams` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) the mutable part of the stream to configure the destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config))
- `stream` (Attributes) the immutable schema defined by the source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--stream))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams.config`

Required:

- `destination_sync_mode` (String) must be one of ["append", "overwrite", "append_dedup"]
- `sync_mode` (String) must be one of ["full_refresh", "incremental"]

Optional:

- `alias_name` (String) Alias name to the stream to be used in the destination
- `cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. This field is REQUIRED if `sync_mode` is `incremental`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `field_selection_enabled` (Boolean) Whether field selection should be enabled. If this is true, only the properties in `selectedFields` will be included.
- `primary_key` (List of List of String) Paths to the fields that will be used as primary key. This field is REQUIRED if `destination_sync_mode` is `*_dedup`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `selected` (Boolean) If this is true, the stream is selected with all of its properties. For new connections, this considers if the stream is suggested or not
- `selected_fields` (Attributes List) Paths to the fields that will be included in the configured catalog. This must be set if `fieldSelectedEnabled` is set. An empty list indicates that no properties will be included. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config--selected_fields))
- `suggested` (Boolean) Does the connector suggest that this stream be enabled by default?

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--config--selected_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams.config.suggested`

Optional:

- `field_path` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--stream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams.stream`

Required:

- `name` (String) Stream's name.

Optional:

- `default_cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the comparable themselves.
- `json_schema` (Attributes) Stream schema using Json Schema specs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--stream--json_schema))
- `namespace` (String) Optional Source-defined namespace. Airbyte streams from the same sources should have the same namespace. Currently only used by JDBC destinations to determine what schema to write to.
- `source_defined_cursor` (Boolean) If the source defines the cursor field, then any other cursor field inputs will be ignored. If it does not, either the user_provided one is used, or the default one is used as a backup.
- `source_defined_primary_key` (List of List of String) If the source defines the primary key, paths to the fields that will be used as a primary key. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the primary key themselves.
- `supported_sync_modes` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--streams--stream--json_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.streams.stream.supported_sync_modes`


